---
tags:
  - Internship
  - DailySummary
  - ELTE
  - TEMPLATE
from_1: 13:30
to_1: 20:00
overallTime: 6:30
---
[coding::true]
[paper-review::false]

# Results:
- Details about my work and goals have been cleared up with my project manager (*Bálint Csaba*).
- Worked on integrating DXR into the wrapper that's been handed-out to us. 
	- So far I managed to find some mostly convincing sources of information about DXR integration on official Nvidia sites. I started using the code and the descriptions found on these sites for my work.
	- For the sake of structuring my code better for the future, I started writing my own code into another *Shared* project. 
		- This has proven a bit challenging, because of the way the wrapper was made with precompiled headers. 
		- It has also made static analysis much more challenging.
	- The DX12 wrapper proves to be somewhat compatible to the tutorial's code structure, but it does require some planning. This adds up with the lack of documentation in terms of time requirements for writing code.
		- By compatibility I mainly refer to the fact that most of the wrapper was made so that it contains the necessary structures, classes and functions for integrating it with DXR. *This may change in the near future as I tread deeper into the implementation*.
	- The DX12 wrapper doesn't provide any support/helper/wrapper classes for using DXR, other than the ones already existing for graphics programming with the standard pipeline or pipelines utilizing mesh shaders.
		- This makes it even more tedious to integrate the two "frameworks" used by Nvidia and the *Axonox wrapper* into each other, while also requiring more of my time.
		- At some point one may also asks themselves: "Why use a wrapper that needs to be extended by myself to provide the functionalities I need, while also having no documentation or information about the design choices in at least 80% of the code that was made by someone else."
# Notes:
- So far my experience with using VS2022 has been very negative. It feels much slower and much more rigid in customisation and navigation than other IDEs out there, like CLion or Rider. Unfortunately, the wrapper uses a .sln file, with multiple projects, which would probably require too much time refactor into a CMake environment.